Boston Bruins have won the Stanley Cup
the celebration in Beantown begins
unbelievable the most empty feeling at
one end of the ice and at the other end
I've been there twice it is so hard to
put into words the feelings that you
have when you've won the Stanley Cup I
mean it's almost disbelief you can't
believe it has finally happened and
after all the effort both these teams
put in they now go through the line Gary
that tells you about the respect that
these guys have for one another I mean
they earned the respect
the presentation will be made to the
captain
and finally four players in the National
Hockey League the one time where they
can touch the cup
it is such a grueling journey and when
you finally get a chance to hoist the
Stanley Cup you might think players
would be out of gas the trophy actually
weighs over 30 pounds but when you get
it in your hands
feels like it weighs about as much as a
feather this will be passed around of
course to all the players who have an
opportunity to skate in here tonight it
will not be the last chance that they
have of the cup because during the
off-season each of these players will be
taking this to their hometowns to
celebrate one more time
Lord Stanley's Cup yet one more time
supreme in this picture and happiness is
being able to pose for this picture
right now